readme.md, before:

CSV Class Maker
========

[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/mrkplt/csv_class_maker.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/mrkplt/csv_class_maker)

CSV Class Maker creates classes out of your CSV headers with some pretty simple search functionality you're probably already comfortable with.

Usage
--------------

Install
```
gem install csv_class_maker
```
Generate a class to represent the data in your CSV.
```
CsvClassMaker::generate_class 'Yourclass', '/path/to/your.csv'
```

Now you have a class with setters and getters based on the headers of the csv file.

All methods return an instance of Yourclass or an array of Yourclass.

Methods
```
Yourclass.new()
Yourclass.find(line_number)
Yourclass.find_by(header1: 'value', header2: 'value')
Yourclass.find_all_by(header1: 'value', header2: 'value')
Yourclass.first
Yourclass.last
Yourclass.each {|a| a.method  }
```

To Do
---------------
1) Pass a block into the generate method to allow appending more functionality to the class creation.

License
-------
CSV Class Maker is Copyright © 2014 Mark Platt, Inc. It is free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the MIT-LICENSE file.

Commit message:

Bump minor version to 0.3.0 to account for passing in delimiters. Update read me.

readme.md, after:

CSV Class Maker
========

[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/mrkplt/csv_class_maker.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/mrkplt/csv_class_maker)

CSV Class Maker creates classes out of your CSV headers with some pretty simple search functionality you're probably already comfortable with.

Usage
--------------

Install
```
gem install csv_class_maker
```
Generate a class to represent the data in your CSV.
```
CsvClassMaker::generate_class('Yourclass', '/path/to/your.csv')
```

You can pass in other delimiters, like a tab.
```
CsvClassMaker::generate_class('Yourclass', '/path/to/your.csv', col_sep: "\t")
```

Now you have a class with setters and getters based on the headers of the csv file.

All methods return an instance of Yourclass or an array of Yourclass.

Methods
```
Yourclass.new()
Yourclass.find(line_number)
Yourclass.find_by(header1: 'value', header2: 'value')
Yourclass.find_all_by(header1: 'value', header2: 'value')
Yourclass.first
Yourclass.last
Yourclass.each {|a| a.method  }
```

To Do
---------------
1) Pass a block into the generate method to allow appending more functionality to the class creation.

License
-------
CSV Class Maker is Copyright © 2014 Mark Platt, Inc. It is free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the MIT-LICENSE file.
